Operator: expose remote clusters information through dedicated CLI command, and introduce troubleshoot commands (#32436)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/configuration/api-restrictions-table.rst

===================== ====================
Flag Name             Description
===================== ====================

> GetCluster            This path will return the list of remote clusters and their
>                       status.

Reviewer: If you're also ready to edit `GetHealthz`'s description for consistency, it would read better as:

```suggestion
GetCluster            Returns the list of remote clusters and their status.
```

(non-blocking)

Author: Updated, thanks! While being there, I've also added a description for the metrics path.
